data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_left/img2.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img6.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonJogarPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img17.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/items/star/star2.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/popups/game_over.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo1/fundo.png.i
data/TCC/nbproject/private/profiler/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$3.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_right/img3.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/img3.png.i
data/PROTO/src/test/IntegerDocument.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo1/fundo.png.d
data/TCC/build/classes/app/VariableCreator.form.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase7/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase9/map.txt.i
data/TCC/build/classes/gamer/Robo.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase5/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/Styles.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/gamer/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/game/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnim1.png.d
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/items/star/star1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_left/img3.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase8/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/tronco1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase9/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/base/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/nbproject/build-impl.xml.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/FormatedTextsTeste.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objetivo.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img8.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/climb/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/comeco.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/New folder/dasda/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo3/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$5.class.i
data/TCC/src/test/FormatedTextsTeste.java.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/falling/img1.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/HighlightPainter.class.i
data/TCC/dist/styles.xml.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img6.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo4/spritesheet.png.i
data/PROTO/src/game/gameObjects/Objective.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/ItemLista.form.i
data/PROTO/src/test/FormatedTextsTeste.form.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/HighlightPainter.java.i
data/TCC/doc/quadInfoNumber.xlsx.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_left/img2.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img8.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/1380971077_error.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/New folder/asdad/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/assets/game/jump/jumpRight.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_right/img1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/SearchMachine.class.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase8/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img5.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/items/star/star4.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnim1.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonSairPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/TextureLoader.java.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonSair_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img16.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/hud/1esferas.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img4.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnim1.png.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonJogarHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img15.png.i
data/PROTO/src/test/Map.java.i
data/PROTO/lib/jinput.jar.d
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fogo.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/RecognizerParser.smap.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/fase7.png.i
data/PROTO/lib/jinput.jar.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/objective/3.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase2.properties.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnim1.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/objective/2.png.i
data/TCC/lib/absolutelayout/AbsoluteLayout.jar.i
data/TCC/nbproject/build-impl.xml.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/escada.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase4/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase9.png.d
data/TCC/src/app/WrapLayout.java.i
data/PROTO/src/test/FixedLengthDocument.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img16.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/RecognizerParserTokenTypes.java.i
data/PROTO/Luigi Garcia - codes/resolvendoFase5.txt.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonHistoria_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img15.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/aaaa/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase4.properties.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/New folder/dasda/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonVoltarGrandePressed.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase4/premio.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/climb/img1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/7.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase3.properties.i
data/TCC/doc/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/lib/antlr.jar.d
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img12.png.i
data/PROTO/lib/lwjgl.jar.i
data/PROTO/doc/Doc do Proto/doc.pdf.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/climb/climb1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonVoltarGrandeNormal.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnim4.png.i
data/PROTO/lib/lwjgl.jar.d
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase9/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img17.png.i
data/TCC/src/gamer/InfoCenter.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase3/map.txt.i
data/TCC/nbproject/private/config.properties.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/1382782844_Play1Normal.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase9/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/natives/libjinput-linux64.so.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img10.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/IntegerDocument.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnim4.png.d
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/New folder/fase5.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase8/map.txt.i
data/TCC/natives/lwjgl64.dll.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase8.png.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img2.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonVoltarGrandePressed.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/sobra.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/gamer/EsferaAtual.class.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/objective/8.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img2.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/SpecialStyle.java.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonHistoriaHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/natives/libjinput-linux.so.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img6.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase6/map.txt.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/natives/libopenal.so.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase3.png.d
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/RecognizerLexer.smap.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$2.class.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/base/map.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img7.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img3.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase2.png.i
data/TCC/build/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/src/test/CampoDePesquisa.form.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/img4.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo1/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase7/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/gradeFaseCreator.pdn.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/falling/img2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/New folder/fase7.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$25.class.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashScreen.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/New folder/fase4.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashScreen.png.d
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/gradeFaseCreator.pdn.d
data/TCC/assets/game/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/1382782594_back.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/hud/stopButton.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/amortece/img1.png.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/PlayerStats.java.i
data/TCC/dist/lib/AbsoluteLayout.jar.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img9.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/jump/jumpLeft.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/dasda/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/src/app/MessagePopup.java.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img14.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/esfera/img2.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img9.png.i
data/TCC/lib/jinput.jar.d
data/PROTO/assets/game/popups/game_over.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/assets/game/move/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/RecognizerLexer.smap.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonOk_Popup.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img7.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/jump/jumpLeft.png.i
data/TCC/src/game/gameObjects/Objective.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/SearchMachine$Select.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$7.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonCreditos_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase7/premio.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/ItemListaFases$1.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase2/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/build.xml.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/RecognizerParserTokenTypes.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/RecognizerParser.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnim.pdn.i
data/TCC/src/util/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnim.pdn.d
data/TCC/natives/jinput-raw_64.dll.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase8.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase8.png.d
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img4.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase2/premio.png.i
data/TCC/nbproject/private/private.properties.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img17.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase3.properties.i
data/PROTO/src/app/VariableCreator.form.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img4.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/VariavelTableNode.class.i
data/TCC/src/gamer/Esfera2.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/audio/walk2.wav.i
data/PROTO/src/gamer/Esfera2.java.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img12.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/VariableCreator$1.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/audio/walk2.wav.d
data/TCC/assets/game/stickman.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/creditos.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/New folder/fase9.png.d
data/TCC/src/game/Game.java.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonOkHover_Popup.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$16.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/star/star5.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img3.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/MessagePopup$1.class.i
data/PROTO/src/test/Const.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/New folder/fase9.png.i
data/TCC/src/test/SoundTest.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/esfera/img3.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/game/gameObjects/GameObject.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img2.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img3.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img7.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/MainOld.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase9/map.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img5.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$15.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/paDireita.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonHistoriaHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase2/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/natives/OpenAL32.dll.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img9.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img6.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/BUTTON1GENERATOR.pdn.i
data/TCC/src/gamer/Proto.java.i
data/PROTO/natives/OpenAL32.dll.d
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase4/premio.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnim4.png.d
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase4/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/fundo.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img5.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$9.class.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img13.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/javaapplication7/MessagePopup$1.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/Recognizer.g.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/ItemListaFases.form.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/Map.class.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/paDireita.png.d
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img6.png.i
data/PROTO/natives/libopenal.so.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonJogar_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase2/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/fase2.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/popups/ach.png.i
data/PROTO/natives/libopenal.so.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img18.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/New folder/aaaa/map.txt.i
data/TCC/dist/lib/jinput.jar.d
data/TCC/build/classes/assets/game/stand/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonOk_Popup.png.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/fase1.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/falling/img1.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase8/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/manifest.mf.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/RecognizerParser.java.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/fundo.png.d
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/img5.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img7.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/New folder/fase8.png.i
data/TCC/lib/bsh-2.0b4.jar.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonHistoriaHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img4.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase2/premio.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/New folder/fase9.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/XmlManager.java.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img12.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/WrapLayout.class.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase6/premio.png.i
data/TCC/lib/bsh-2.0b4.jar.d
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_left/img4.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/stand/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/assets/game/hud/3esferas.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase8/map.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img15.png.i
data/TCC/src/test/Robot.java.i
data/PROTO/src/gamer/InfoCenter.java.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img3.png.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/fase4.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/com/anlugifa/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonOkHover_Popup.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_right/img2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/gradeFaseCreator.pdn.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img1.png.i
data/TCC/natives/libopenal64.so.d
data/PROTO/src/test/RandomNumber.java.i
data/TCC/dist/lib/bsh-2.0b4.jar.d
data/TCC/dist/lib/bsh-2.0b4.jar.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/gradeFaseCreator.pdn.d
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/gradeFaseCreator.pdn.d
data/PROTO/natives/liblwjgl64.so.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnim2.png.i
data/TCC/src/util/Universal.java.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnim2.png.d
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase4/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/ItemLista.class.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/LevelProprierties.java.i
data/TCC/natives/liblwjgl.so.i
data/TCC/doc/Doc do Proto/doc.docx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$1.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/amortece/img2.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/1380971077_error.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_left/img1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonOkPressed_Popup.png.i
data/TCC/build/built-jar.properties.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/SpecialStyle.class.i
data/TCC/notes.txt.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/objective/5.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/com/anlugifa/editor/parser/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase3/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/2.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/Recognizer.g.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/hud/stopButton.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/gizmos/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img8.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo3/spritesheet.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/hud/2esferas.png.i
data/PROTO/src/game/gameObjects/GameObject.java.i
data/TCC/lib/lwjgl.jar.d
data/TCC/lib/lwjgl.jar.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/New folder/fase5.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase7/premio.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnimHelper.png.d
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/items/star/star5.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/1.png.i
data/TCC/src/test/CampoDePesquisa.form.i
data/TCC/src/gamer/Esfera3.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/audio/walk1.wav.d
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$20.class.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img9.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnimHelper.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonSairHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/manifest.mf.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/MessagePopup.form.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase8/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/styles.xml.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo2/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase3/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img2.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/1382782657_floppy_disk_save.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/cadeadoFechado.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/tronco1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/1382782789_open-file.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/moveRight1.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/hud/0esferas.png.i
data/TCC/nbproject/private/private.xml.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img3.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/App.form.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/objective/1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/ListaDinamica.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/Canonicalpath.class.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img2.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase4.properties.i
data/TCC/src/test/FormatedTextsTeste.form.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase5.properties.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/2.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/img7.png.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/fase9.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo1/fundo.png.d
data/TCC/src/test/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/assets/game/items/star/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonSair_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/PROTO/src/test/CampoDePesquisa.java.i
data/TCC/src/test/WrapLayout.java.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/1382782657_floppy_disk_save.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img12.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/EditorLog.class.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/1382782528_519941-001_Home.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/objective/7.png.i
data/TCC/build.xml.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo4/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/gamer/Objetivo.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase9/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/GroovyFilter.class.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase9/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/assets/app/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/src/game/gameObjects/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase1/premio.png.i
data/PROTO/doc/Doc do Proto/doc.docx.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/objective/4.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/1382782594_back.png.i
data/PROTO/src/gamer/Esfera3.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img4.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnim4.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/src/test/Canonicalpath.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/aaaa/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/src/util/Universal.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img3.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/StyleManager.java.i
data/TCC/dist/lib/lwjgl_util.jar.i
data/PROTO/lib/slick.jar.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/1.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/objective/2.png.i
data/TCC/dist/lib/lwjgl_util.jar.d
data/PROTO/lib/slick.jar.d
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/agua.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img5.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase5/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/objective/4.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo3/spritesheet.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/3.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/FormatedTextsTeste$1.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase6/map.txt.i
data/TCC/build/classes/game/states/Game.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/VariableCreator$2.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase4/map.txt.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/FixedLengthDocument.class.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/esfera/img2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase9.png.d
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/Styles.class.i
data/TCC/src/app/IntegerDocument.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase9.png.i
data/TCC/assets/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/src/gamer/EsferaAtual.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img3.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonHistoriaPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img11.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/com/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/src/app/MainOld.java.i
data/PROTO/natives/lwjgl.dll.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/splashScreen.png.d
data/TCC/src/app/images/bg_MenuFases.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/splashScreen.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/move/moveLeft1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/bateria.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonJogarHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/moveRight3.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/TextureLoader.class.i
data/PROTO/nbproject/genfiles.properties.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/RecognizerParserTokenTypes.txt.i
data/TCC/lib/antlr.jar.i
data/TCC/src/app/ItemListaFases.form.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase7/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/New folder/dasda/map.txt.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/New folder/fase8.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/StyleManager.class.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonCreditosPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/esfera/img1.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img7.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/grass1.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/creditos.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/1382782528_519941-001_Home.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/New folder/fase6.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/jump/jump.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase8/map.txt.i
data/TCC/build/classes/assets/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/BUTTON1GENERATOR2.pdn.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/New folder/asdad/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/nbproject/private/private.properties.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/New folder/asdad/map.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/items/bateria.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/climb/img1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/FasesDadosNode.class.i
data/TCC/lib/lwjgl_util.jar.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_right/img2.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/VariableCreator.java.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/FasesDadosNode.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/falling/img2.png.i
data/TCC/lib/lwjgl_util.jar.i
data/PROTO/nbproject/private/private.xml.i
data/TCC/lib/absolutelayout/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/ItemLista$1.class.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img12.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/BUTTON1GENERATOR.pdn.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img9.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo1/fundo.png.d
data/PROTO/src/game/gameObjects/Player.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase5/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/assets/game/jump/jump.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/search.png.i
data/PROTO/lib/antlr.jar.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/dasda/map.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/amortece/img4.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/cadeadoAberto.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/jump/jumpRight.png.i
data/PROTO/lib/nblibraries.properties.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/RecognizerParserTokenTypes.txt.i
data/TCC/build/classes/assets/game/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img1.png.i
data/TCC/src/game/CollisionManager.java.i
data/PROTO/src/app/MessagePopup.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/ListaDinamica.form.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/SearchMachine.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/falling/img2.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo1/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/FasesDadosNode.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase7.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase7.png.d
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img13.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/ListaDinamica$1.class.i
data/PROTO/src/game/Game.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img4.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnim3.png.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/FasesDados.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnim3.png.d
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img10.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase8/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/1382782513_DeleteRed.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img8.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/jump/jumpLeft.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/tronco1.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/GroovyFilter.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/climb/img1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/bg_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase6/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/objective/1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase6/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_right/img1.png.i
data/PROTO/natives/jinput-raw.dll.i
data/TCC/src/game/Main.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/New folder/dasda/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/src/gamer/Esfera1.java.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase4/map.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase5/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonCreditos_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img18.png.i
data/TCC/lib/slick.jar.d
data/PROTO/nbproject/project.xml.i
data/PROTO/src/app/ItemListaFases.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/cadeadoFechado.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img4.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$24.class.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonJogar_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/SearchMachine$MyHighlightPainter.class.i
data/TCC/lib/slick.jar.i
data/TCC/src/app/VariavelTableNode.java.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase9.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/star/star1.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/New folder/aaaa/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/LevelProprierties.class.i
data/TCC/nbproject/genfiles.properties.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/moveLeft3.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/MyUndoableListener.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img13.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/game/gameObjects/Player.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonSairPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/amortece/img3.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/spritesheet.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/WrapLayout.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$4.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonOkHover_Popup.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/GroovyFilter.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/esfera/img2.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonHistoriaPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase9/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/styles.xml.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/esfera/img3.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/moveLeft2.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonCreditosHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/img6.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/bg_MenuPrincipal.png.d
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img6.png.i
data/TCC/dist/lib/slick.jar.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/XmlManager.java.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img11.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase7/map.txt.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/New folder/aaaa/map.txt.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/bg_Solid.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/FormatedTextsTeste.form.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$6.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/Const.class.i
data/TCC/natives/libopenal64.so.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase5.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/star/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase5.png.d
data/TCC/dist/lib/jinput.jar.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img9.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/Executer.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/gamer/Proto.class.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnimHelper.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnim3.png.d
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/New folder/fase4.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img3.png.i
data/PROTO/src/gamer/Objetivo.java.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img13.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnimHelper.png.d
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/items/star/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/lib/nblibraries.properties.i
data/TCC/build/classes/util/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase1.properties.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/RecognizerLexer.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$17.class.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnim3.png.i
data/TCC/natives/jinput-dx8.dll.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/popups/game_won.png.d
data/TCC/src/app/images/paEsquerda.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonHistoria_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/dist/lib/slick.jar.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/objective/8.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img11.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/New folder/asdad/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo1/spritesheet.png.i
data/PROTO/doc/Doc do Proto/doc.docx.i
data/TCC/assets/game/move/moveRight2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$26.class.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/gizmos/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/paDireita.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/TestPlayerStats.class.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/hud/2esferas.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img3.png.i
data/TCC/nbproject/project.properties.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/cadeadoAberto.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/BUTTON1GENERATOR.pdn.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img1.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonJogar_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/Main.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/ItemListaFases.class.i
data/TCC/dist/lib/lwjgl.jar.d
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase1/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase1.properties.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$23.class.i
data/TCC/dist/lib/lwjgl.jar.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonCreditosHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/.netbeans_automatic_build.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/addIcon.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase7.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/move/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/assets/game/move/moveLeft2.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_right/img4.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/src/test/Canonicalpath.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/climb/climb2.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/asdad/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase8/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/VariableCreator$3.class.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/New folder/fase7.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/1382782506_add1-.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/climb/climb1.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img13.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/MessagePopup.form.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase1/premio.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/lib/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img7.png.i
data/TCC/Luigi Garcia - codes/resolvendoFase2.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/version.txt.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase9/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase5.properties.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase9/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase5/map.txt.i
data/TCC/src/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$14.class.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonOk_Popup.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/stand/stand.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img4.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase1/premio.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/hud/2esferas.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/App.java.i
data/TCC/lib/CopyLibs/org-netbeans-modules-java-j2seproject-copylibstask.jar.i
data/TCC/build/classes/com/anlugifa/editor/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/bateria.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase3.png.d
data/PROTO/src/app/images/1382782789_open-file.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/popups/game_won.png.i
data/PROTO/lib/absolutelayout/AbsoluteLayout.jar.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/jump/jumpRight.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo2/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonJogarHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonCreditosPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/util/Universal.class.i
data/TCC/src/test/Map.java.i
data/PROTO/doc/quadInfoNumber.xlsx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/GroovyFilter$1.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase6/map.txt.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase6.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase4/map.txt.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img2.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img8.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img4.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/objective/5.png.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/fase5.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/grade.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase6.png.d
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase9/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/MyUndoableListener.java.i
data/TCC/lib/CopyLibs/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/CampoDePesquisa$1.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$22.class.i
data/TCC/nbproject/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/sobra.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/icon.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/assets/game/items/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/gradeFaseCreator.pdn.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnim2.png.d
data/TCC/src/app/editor/HighlightPainter.java.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/EditorLog.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashAnim2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/PlayerStats.class.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_right/img1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/items/star/star3.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase1/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/RecognizerParserTokenTypes.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase7/map.txt.i
data/TCC/src/test/ItemLista.java.i
data/TCC/natives/lwjgl.dll.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/game/gameObjects/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img10.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/base/premioBase.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/gamer/Esfera2.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/6.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_right/img2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/paEsquerda.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/gizmos/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App.form.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonVoltarGrandePressed.png.i
data/TCC/src/gamer/Robo.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase1/map.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/popups/ach.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/bg_MenuFases.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/icon.png.i
data/TCC/natives/OpenAL32.dll.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/bg_MenuFases.png.i
data/TCC/natives/OpenAL32.dll.d
data/README.md.i
data/PROTO/Luigi Garcia - codes/resolvendoFase4.txt.i
data/PROTO/natives/OpenAL64.dll.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/1382782513_DeleteRed.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/star/star3.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img16.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/2.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase1/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/natives/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img2.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnim.pdn.d
data/PROTO/natives/OpenAL64.dll.d
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$19.class.i
data/TCC/src/test/IntegerDocument.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$18.class.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase3/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/src/test/ListaDinamica.java.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/jFrameIcon.png.i
data/TCC/src/gamer/Esfera1.java.i
data/PROTO/natives/jinput-dx8_64.dll.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase9/map.txt.i
data/TCC/natives/jinput-dx8_64.dll.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonSairPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase7/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/src/app/Executer.java.i
data/TCC/natives/OpenAL64.dll.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/SearchMachine.java.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonHistoria_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/natives/OpenAL64.dll.d
data/TCC/build/classes/test/FormatedTextsTeste$3.class.i
data/PROTO/src/test/FormatedTextsTeste.java.i
data/TCC/src/game/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/Luigi Garcia - codes/resolvendoFase4.txt.i
data/TCC/src/game/states/Game.java.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/BUTTON1GENERATOR2.pdn.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonHistoriaPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/src/test/Const.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase8/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/doc/Doc do Proto/doc.pdf.d
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonSairHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/8.png.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/fase3.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img14.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase3.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/HighlightPainter$1.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/1382782657_floppy_disk_save.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/1382782789_open-file.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/falling/img1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase7/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img4.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/IntegerDocument.class.i
data/PROTO/src/app/IntegerDocument.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/gamer/Esfera1.class.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img3.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/hud/1esferas.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/popups/game_over.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/StyleManager.java.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase3.png.i
data/TCC/src/test/CampoDePesquisa.java.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/BUTTON1GENERATOR2.pdn.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$10.class.i
data/TCC/src/game/gameObjects/Star.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/XmlManager.class.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/bg_MenuPrincipal.png.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/esfera/img1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/climb/img2.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img1.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/comeco.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/bg_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/1380971077_error.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/game/Game.class.i
data/PROTO/lib/CopyLibs/org-netbeans-modules-java-j2seproject-copylibstask.jar.i
data/TCC/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img18.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/move/moveRight1.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/splashAnim.pdn.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/base/premioBase.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$8.class.i
data/PROTO/src/test/WrapLayout.java.i
data/PROTO/src/test/TestPlayerStats.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_left/img2.png.i
data/TCC/natives/libjinput-linux64.so.i
data/TCC/build/classes/gamer/Esfera3.class.i
data/TCC/src/test/FixedLengthDocument.java.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/tronco2.png.i
data/PROTO/src/game/gameObjects/Star.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/items/objetivo.png.i
data/TCC/src/gamer/Objetivo.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/Main$1.class.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/objective/6.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase1/map.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/stairs_grass.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/game/CollisionManager.class.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/SpecialStyle.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/Main.class.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/fase6.png.d
data/TCC/dist/TCC.jar.d
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashScreen.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/ItemListaFases.form.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/MessagePopup$2.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/RandomNumber.class.i
data/PROTO/natives/liblwjgl.so.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/gamer/InfoCenter.class.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/RecognizerLexer.java.i
data/TCC/doc/Doc do Proto/doc.docx.d
data/TCC/dist/TCC.jar.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/fase6.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fase1.tmx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/splashScreen.png.d
data/PROTO/natives/jinput-dx8.dll.i
data/TCC/assets/game/popups/game_won.png.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_left/img1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$11.class.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase2/premio.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/esfera/img3.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/popups/game_won.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/jFrameIcon.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img2.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/base/premioBase.png.i
data/PROTO/natives/lwjgl64.dll.i
data/PROTO/src/test/ItemLista.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/star/star4.png.i
data/TCC/natives/liblwjgl64.so.i
data/TCC/doc/Doc do Proto/doc.pdf.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase6/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/src/app/TextureLoader.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App.class.d
data/PROTO/lib/lwjgl_util.jar.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/Styles.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App.class.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase2/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/lib/lwjgl_util.jar.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase7/premio.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/New folder/aaaa/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase1.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonJogarPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/items/comeco.png.i
data/TCC/src/test/Beanshell.java.i
data/PROTO/src/test/Robot.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/icon.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/hud/1esferas.png.i
data/PROTO/natives/libopenal64.so.d
data/TCC/natives/libopenal.so.d
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonOkPressed_Popup.png.i
data/PROTO/natives/libopenal64.so.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/climb/climb2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/climb/img2.png.i
data/TCC/src/test/TestPlayerStats.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/MessagePopup.class.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonCreditos_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/objective/3.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/fundo.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img5.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/RecognizerParser.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/fundo.png.d
data/TCC/src/game/gameObjects/GameObject.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/move/moveRight3.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/jump/jumpRight.png.i
data/PROTO/natives/jinput-raw_64.dll.i
data/TCC/src/app/MessagePopup.form.i
data/PROTO/src/test/Beanshell.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/tronco2.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/jump/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/MyUndoableListener.java.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase6.png.d
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$21.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/base/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase5.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/App.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase6/premio.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase5.png.d
data/PROTO/src/gamer/Proto.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/creditos.png.i
data/TCC/nbproject/private/profiler/configurations.xml.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img1.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/Recognizer.g.i
data/PROTO/nbproject/private/config.properties.i
data/TCC/nbproject/project.xml.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonJogarPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/fundo.png.d
data/TCC/Luigi Garcia - codes/resolvendoFase5.txt.i
data/TCC/build/classes/.netbeans_update_resources.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/bg_Solid.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/RecognizerLexer.class.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/fundo.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase6/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/SoundTest.class.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/cadeadoFechado.png.i
data/TCC/dist/PROTO.jar.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/base/map.txt.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$13.class.i
data/TCC/dist/PROTO.jar.d
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonCreditosPressed_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/1382782506_add1-.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/1382782594_back.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase7/map.txt.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/editor/RecognizerParser.smap.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/cadeadoAberto.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img4.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/New folder/fase9.png.d
data/PROTO/assets/game/items/objective/7.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo2/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/FasesDados.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/Robot.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/WrapLayout.class.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonVoltarGrandeNormal.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img2.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/App.form.i
data/TCC/build/classes/game/gameObjects/Star.class.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/cancelIcon.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase2.png.d
data/PROTO/nbproject/project.properties.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/amortece_left/img1.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/moveLeft1.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonOkPressed_Popup.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/move/moveLeft3.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img3.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/1.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/ItemListaFases.java.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/3.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/tilesets/tipo1/fundo.png.i
data/PROTO/src/data/storage/level/fase8.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/moveRight2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/3.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/base/map.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase3/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/assets/game/audio/walk1.wav.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/1382782844_Play1Normal.png.i
data/TCC/dist/lib/antlr.jar.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/FasesDados.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/base/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/bg_MenuPrincipal.png.d
data/PROTO/src/app/images/bg_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/dist/lib/antlr.jar.d
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase4.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/addIcon.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase1/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/lib/antlr.jar.d
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/New folder/fase6.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/1382782513_DeleteRed.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase8/map.txt.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/hud/3esferas.png.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase4.png.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img10.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo4/spritesheet.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img13.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo1/fundo.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/jFrameIcon.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/items/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase2/map.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase8/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/assets/game/hud/0esferas.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/fase2/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/ceu.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase4.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/RecognizerLexer.smap.i
data/TCC/src/app/Executer.java.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase6.png.i
data/TCC/src/test/ItemLista.form.i
data/TCC/build/classes/game/Main.class.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/RecognizerParser.smap.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/4.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase4.png.d
data/TCC/build/classes/test/CampoDePesquisa.form.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/cancelIcon.png.i
data/PROTO/lib/bsh-2.0b4.jar.d
data/TCC/nbproject/private/desktop.ini.i
data/PROTO/lib/bsh-2.0b4.jar.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/VariableCreator.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/left/img1.png.i
data/TCC/src/test/ListaDinamica.form.i
data/TCC/src/app/Main.java.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/climb/img2.png.i
data/PROTO/src/test/ItemLista.form.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase6/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/natives/jinput-raw.dll.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/level/fase7.png.d
data/PROTO/src/app/images/buttonSair_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/asdad/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase3/map.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img10.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/VariableCreator.form.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img11.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/VariavelTableNode.java.i
data/PROTO/src/test/ListaDinamica.form.i
data/TCC/src/test/RandomNumber.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase4/map.txt.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img10.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img3.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img8.png.i
data/TCC/src/test/ListaDinamica.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/assets/game/jump/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase5/map.txt.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img1.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase5/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/move/right/img4.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/App$12.class.i
data/TCC/src/data/storage/PlayerStats.java.i
data/TCC/src/game/gameObjects/Player.java.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img14.png.i
data/PROTO/natives/libjinput-linux.so.i
data/TCC/src/gamer/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/buttonSairHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonCreditosHover_MenuPrincipal.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/images/bg_Solid.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/1382782844_Play1Normal.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/5.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/sobra.png.i
data/PROTO/doc/Doc do Proto/doc.pdf.d
data/TCC/assets/game/items/star/star2.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/comeco.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/CampoDePesquisa.class.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/paDireita.png.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/popups/ach.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase2.properties.i
data/PROTO/src/game/Main.java.i
data/PROTO/nbproject/private/profiler/configurations.xml.i
data/TCC/build/classes/game/gameObjects/Objective.class.i
data/TCC/build/classes/assets/game/climb/desktop.ini.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/objective/6.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/hud/3esferas.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/hud/0esferas.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/items/bateria.png.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/esfera/img1.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/MainOld.class.i
data/TCC/assets/game/hud/stopButton.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase8.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/VariableCreator.java.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/img1.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img12.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase4/premio.png.i
data/PROTO/src/app/editor/RecognizerParserTokenTypes.txt.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img5.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase6/premio.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/editor/EditorLog.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/cancelIcon.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/playerAnimations/winning/1/img11.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/1382782528_519941-001_Home.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/Beanshell.class.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/idle/img11.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/addIcon.png.i
data/TCC/dist/README.TXT.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/img2.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/test/FormatedTextsTeste$2.class.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/fases/fase1/map.txt.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/playerAnimations/jump/jumpLeft.png.i
data/TCC/src/app/images/buttonVoltarGrandeNormal.png.i
data/TCC/src/test/search.png.i
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/tilesets/tipo5/tronco2.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/popups/game_won.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase2.png.d
data/TCC/dist/assets/game/fases/fase4/world.tmx.i
data/TCC/lib/jinput.jar.i
data/TCC/assets/game/items/objective/3.png.i
data/PROTO/Luigi Garcia - codes/resolvendoFase2.txt.i
data/TCC/assets/game/fases/New folder/fase5/world.tmx.i
data/PROTO/src/game/CollisionManager.java.i
data/TCC/build/classes/app/images/1382782506_add1-.png.i
data/TCC/build/classes/data/storage/level/fase2.png.i
data/PROTO/assets/game/popups/game_won.png.d
